DOCS-3292 Adds React Native Mobile Vitals Documentation (#166)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: docs/rum_mobile_vitals.md

## Overview

Real User Monitoring offers Mobile Vitals, a set of metrics that can help compute insights about your mobile application's responsiveness, stability, and resource consumption. Mobile Vitals range from poor, moderate, to good. 

Mobile Vitals appear in your application's **Overview** tab and in the side panel under **Performance** > **Event Timings and Mobile Vitals** when you click on an individual view in the [RUM Explorer][2]. Click on a graph in **Mobile Vitals** to apply a filter by version or examine filtered sessions. 

> {{< img src="real_user_monitoring/react_native/reactnative_mobile_vitals.png" alt="Mobile Vitals in the Performance Tab" style="width:70%;">}}

Reviewer: I'm not seeing this image included in this PR, should it be?

Reviewer: Included in this PR: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/13641

Understand your application's overall health and performance with the line graphs displaying metrics across various application versions. To filter on application version or see specific sessions and views, click on a graph. 

> {{< img src="real_user_monitoring/react_native/rum_explorer_mobile_vitals.png" alt="Event Timings and Mobile Vitals in the RUM Explorer" style="width:90%;">}}

Reviewer: Same, not seeing this image in this PR.

| Crash-free sessions by version | An [application crash][6] is reported due to an unexpected exit in the application typically caused by an unhandled exception or signal. Crash-free user sessions in your application directly correspond to  your end user’s experience and overall satisfaction. <br /><br />   RUM tracks complete crash reports and presents trends over time with [Error Tracking][7]. <br /><br />  With crash-free sessions, you can stay up to speed on industry benchmarks and ensure that your application is ranked highly on the Google Play Store.                                                                                                 |

> | CPU ticks per second           | High CPU usage impacts the [battery life][8] on your users’ devices.  <br /><br />  RUM tracks CPU ticks per second for each view and the CPU utilization over the course of a session. The recommended range is <40 for good and <60 for moderate. <br /><br />  You can see the top views with the most number of CPU ticks on average over a selected time period under **Event Timings and Mobile Vitals**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
| CPU ticks per second           | High CPU usage impacts the [battery life][8] on your users’ devices.  <br /><br />  RUM tracks CPU ticks per second for each view and the CPU utilization over the course of a session. The recommended range is <40 for good and <60 for moderate. <br /><br />  You can see the top views with the most number of CPU ticks on average over a selected time period under **Mobile Vitals** in your application's Overview page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | Memory utilization             | High memory usage can lead to [out-of-memory crashes][9], which causes a poor user experience. <br /><br />  RUM tracks the amount of physical memory used by your application in bytes for each view, over the course of a session. The recommended range is <200MB for good and <400MB for moderate. <br /><br />  You can see the top views with the most memory consumption on average over a selected time period under **Event Timings and Mobile Vitals**.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Author: ```suggestion
| Memory utilization             | High memory usage can lead to [out-of-memory crashes][9], which causes a poor user experience. <br /><br />  RUM tracks the amount of physical memory used by your application in bytes for each view, over the course of a session. The recommended range is <200MB for good and <400MB for moderate. <br /><br />  You can see the top views with the most memory consumption on average over a selected time period under **Mobile Vitals** in your application's Overview page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

## Further Reading

> {{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

Reviewer: Not seeing a list for this, should this be removed?
